Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
‪[dramatic music playing]
‪Hey. my love.
‪-[grunts. chuckles]
‪-No. stop it. No.
‪How did it go?
‪I thought Jonasi
‪would be part of the panel.
‪My brother is the CEO of this company.
‪he doesn't do interviews.
‪Yeah. Gesh.
‪But I wanted to make a good impression.
‪I want to be known here for merit.
‪not for dating the operations manager
‪who also happens to be the CEO's brother.
‪That's if I even get the job.
‪-Baby. This job is yours.
‪-[sighs]
‪-It's yours.
‪-Hmm.
‪-Now. how about a little kiss?
‪-Uh-uh.
‪-Please.
‪-Of course.
‪Come on. Let's go. [chuckles]
‪-[chuckling] Hey!
‪-Uh-uh.
‪[upbeat music playing]
‪[Matipa] Hi.
‪Are you good?
‪Listen. I heard that chocolate mocha
‪is your favourite.
‪[elevator bell dings]
‪So. I…
‪[sighs] I need a favour. Buhle.
‪Can you please allow me
‪to. uh. give the boss this file?
‪Personally.
‪Boss doesn't wanna be disturbed.
‪Listen. I just…
‪I really want to introduce myself.
‪He doesn't even know my name.
‪and I really need this promotion.
‪You know. us girls
‪have to stick together. right?
‪You want to know what my main job
‪as Mr. Gomora's PA actually is?
‪[stammers] Okay.
‪It's to stop women like you
‪from disturbing him.
‪So are you leaving this file?
‪Yes or no. huh?
‪[music continues]
‪Hey! Hey!
‪-Sir.
‪-Mr. Gomora.
‪I came to drop off this file.
‪[door closes]
‪You must obviously be new here.
‪Because you haven't heard
‪the horror stories of the CEO that bites.
‪Matipa Nkosi.
‪Hmm.
‪[dramatic music playing]
‪Compliance.
‪I don't scare easily.
‪Well. that's obvious.
‪Let me leave now.
‪and not waste any of your time.
‪You're the one holding my hand. ma'am.
‪Um. [chuckles]
‪-Mmm.
‪-Oh.
‪Sorry. I'll just…
‪[dramatic music plays]
‪[employee] It looks like our guests
‪will start arriving anytime now. sir.
‪-Oh. what an achievement.
‪-Yeah.
‪[phone chimes]
‪[hopeful music playing]
‪[Magesh exclaims]
‪-What's up. Brother?
‪-My brother.
‪-Congratulations to that.
‪-Thanks.
‪[chuckles] Hear. hear.
‪This place looks really cool.
‪-You will enjoy it.
‪-[phone chimes]
‪-You know what. baby…
‪-[whispers] PDA at work.
‪-[exhales sharply]
‪-[Magesh] Mmm.
‪-Brother. Joyce is in labor.
‪-Hmm?
‪-Hey. congratulations.
‪-She's in labor.
‪-Champagne?
‪-Uh. yes. please.
‪[grunts]
‪[Jonasi] My boy is sleeping.
‪-He's just sleeping now.
‪-Mm-hmm.
‪-Thank you. my love.
‪-I'm proud of you. You know that?
‪-You know who I'm proud of?
‪-Tell me who?
‪-Mr. Gomora.
‪-Oh. stop it.
‪No. seriously. I mean. look. look.
‪Because in one single day you…
‪-Mm-hmm.
‪-…you. my darling.
‪-have gained a beautiful baby boy.
‪-Mm-hmm.
‪-Wow.
‪-[both chuckle]
‪-In addition to that…
‪-Mm-hmm.
‪…you now have a JSE-listed company?
‪-Hey. Mm-hmm.
‪-Hey.
‪-You did that!
‪-Look at you.
‪[both chuckling]
‪And it's all because of you. Joyce.
‪You did all of this.
‪-Mm-mmm. Mm-mmm.
‪-[chuckles]
‪Okay. okay.
‪-Hmm?
‪-Let me stop being humble.
‪Yes. baby.
‪-And admit…
‪-Mm-hmm.
‪…that we did this.
‪-Together.
‪[both chuckling]
‪Kiss me. babe.
‪[Jonasi moaning]
‪-Congrats.
‪-[whispers] To us.
‪[whispers] To us.
‪And to him.
‪-[Joyce chuckles]
‪-[Jonasi] Nkazi-Nkazi.
‪Daddy's boy.
‪[exhales sharply]
‪[Matipa] ‪Mr. Gomora.
‪Yes.
‪You forgot something.
‪[chuckles]
‪-[Joyce] What's wrong?
‪-Hmm?
‪[exhales sharply]
‪It's just… [clears throat]
‪-I think I…
‪-[groans]
‪I left the party too early.
‪Actually. the party hadn't even started.
‪-Mmm.
‪And I didn't get a chance to mingle
‪with the new stakeholders. you know?
‪Go back.
‪No.
‪-I can't leave you and the baby.
‪-Mm-mmm.
‪Nkazi is fine.
‪[Jonasi] Hmm.
‪I'm also fine.
‪Mm-hmm? Okay.
‪Hmm.
‪Okay.
‪-All right.
‪-Bye-bye.
‪-[both chuckle]
‪[upbeat music playing]
‪-Brother. Why are you back here?
‪-Oh. Brother.
‪I'm looking for… [smacks lips] …Ndlovu.
‪He just left. You missed him.
‪-Damn.
‪-No. but I need to go. my brother.
‪I'm sorry. Someone's waiting for me.
‪Don't break your back. Brother.
‪No. mine is strong.
‪-This one. it's very strong.
‪-[laughing]
‪[cackles] Powerful!
‪-Hey there. fellas.
‪-Ah. Hey. Brother.
‪No. I'm telling you.
‪It's very interesting.
‪-[Buhle] Mr. Gomora.
‪-Good evening.
‪-Yes.
‪Can I please have a word with you?
‪Okay.
‪You have a beautiful family. [sighs]
‪[breathes sharply]
‪Did you come here to talk about my family?
‪Hmm?
‪Did you come here to…
‪[kisses] Huh?
‪[exhales sharply]
‪I'm dating your brother.
‪Come again?
‪I said I'm dating your brother. Jo.
‪[whispers] Dump him.
‪You hear me?
‪Screw him.
‪If I dump him. I'll be yours?
‪Exactly what I want from you.
‪-[exhales sharply]
‪-[moans]
‪[dramatic music playing]
‪[Matipa moans]
‪[both breathing heavily]
‪[footsteps approaching]
‪-Hey? Baby.
‪-[chuckling]
‪Welcome to your office. my love.
‪You know what. my baby?
‪People work for years here
‪without having an office.
‪And in under five months.
‪you're in the executive wing.
‪You know. I'm not most people.
‪That calls for a celebration.
‪Oh. [chuckles]
‪Uh. maybe some other time.
‪-You won't get into trouble.
‪-I'm busy. Gesh.
‪What's wrong. baby?
‪Listen.
‪I'm grateful.
‪For your contribution
‪and helping me to get to this position.
‪But for somebody in my position.
‪I don't think dating at work
‪is a good look.
‪Besides. you're a married man.
‪You have Essie.
‪You have children and a whole family.
‪Is it true?
‪That you're fucking my brother?
‪[chuckles]
‪Are you gonna answer me. Matipa?
‪Answer me!
‪Don't embarrass yourself. Gesh.
‪Uh. Oh. Brother.
‪Is everything okay?
‪-Everything is fine. Brother.
‪-Oh.
‪Excuse me.
‪[phone ringing]
‪[Joyce] ‪Paging. Mr. Gomora.
‪Joyce General Dealer
‪closing shop in exactly five minutes.
‪Hurry. hurry. before you miss out.
‪[chuckles]
‪Oh. wow. You know what?
‪I am going to drive him crazy.
‪-[phone buzzing]
‪-[exhales]
‪[phone beeping]
‪-[groans. inhales sharply]
‪-[exclaims]
‪-Babe. [moans]
‪-Joyce.
‪I thought you were sleeping.
‪-Mm-mmm. [chuckles]
‪-[exclaims]
‪I thought the Joyce General Dealership
‪is closed for the night.
‪-Oh. no. never.
‪-Uh-huh. [chuckles]
‪We can always make an exception
‪for our most loyal client.
‪[moaning]
‪Oh. I've been waiting for you.
‪[Joyce grunts]
‪I have been waiting.
‪-[moans]
‪-I've been waiting.
‪-I…
‪-[snoring]
‪Jo?
‪Uh-uh. Jo. please.
‪-Just a little. Hmm?
‪-Mm-mmm. [groans]
‪-Just a little. Just…
‪-Mm-mmm. Mm-mmm.
‪-[sighing]
‪-[groans] Mm-mmm.
‪-[exclaims]
‪I'm left unsatisfied while he snores.
‪-[sighs]
‪-[tense music playing]
‪[snoring]
‪[snoring continues]
‪[suspenseful music playing]
‪[Grace] ‪Do you blame him?
‪Have you looked at yourself?
‪Your T-shirt is covered with milk.
‪your teeth are stained with wine.
‪-and you wear that bonnet day and night.
‪-Ma. give me a break. would you?
‪Who is this skank that he's busy with?
‪Do you know her?
‪[Nkazi cooing]
‪No. I don't.
‪-[Grace] Find her. my girl.
‪-[Nkazi babbling]
‪Don't let people play with you.
‪And when you get to meet her.
‪be gorgeous.
‪Make sure you look good
‪and you smell good.
‪Because she'll take
‪one look at you and see you like this.
‪then she'll think she has won.
‪Don't let people walk all over you. Joyce.
‪-Right?
‪-[coos]
‪Mommy mustn't allow that. hmm?
‪[Joyce] ‪Buhle. I'm not leaving
‪until you tell me the truth.
‪Do you understand?
‪I swear. I know nothing. ma'am.
‪Do you still enjoy working here?
‪-Very much so. ma'am.
‪-Okay.
‪And you do know that a person
‪who is honest
‪and trustworthy
‪is very important to me. right?
‪So. don't make me ask you
‪the same question twice.
‪-[patrons chattering. laughing]
‪-[patron] Damn!
‪Mrs. Gomora. we weren't expecting you.
‪Can I put you in for your usual?
‪-That'd be nice.
‪-Please follow me.
‪Thank you. thank you.
‪[Matipa] Ooh. friend.
‪The dress I picked.
‪it looks so good on me.
‪Listen. when my man sees me tonight.
‪I want him to question himself
‪and wonder what he ever saw
‪in that old hag he calls a wife.
‪I want him to ask himself.
‪"What was I high on?"
‪No. stop! What do you mean? [chuckling]
‪No. don't tell me about his stupid wife.
‪Yes.
‪[chuckles] Oh. come on. How?
‪[chuckles]
‪It's fine. I'll talk to you later. okay?
‪Okay. Bye.
‪[chuckles]
‪Of course. [chuckles]
‪I'll see you.
‪[phone beeps]
‪-Who the fuck are you talking about?
‪-[patrons gasp]
‪-[Matipa yelping]
‪-Come here. little bitch! Stupid whore!
‪Who's the stupid wife
‪you're talking about?
‪-Who's the stupid wife? Huh?
‪-[grunting]
‪You're sleeping with my husband.
‪-How could--
‪-What are you doing?
‪Get your hands off me! I want to teach
‪this fucking slut a lesson.
‪-You!
‪-[groaning]
‪You. you!
‪[both grunting. groaning]
‪Hey! Piss off. man! You slut!
‪That's why you're trash…
‪-Stay away from my man!
‪-…because you do trashy things. Fuck off!
‪Close your damn legs. you whore!
‪-You're a skank! I'll beat you up!
‪-You're trash! Fuck off!
‪That's why your husband
‪is cheating on you!
‪-You've got a lot of nerve.
‪-Keep your fucking legs closed!
‪-I'll kick your ass!
‪-You've got a lot of nerve.
‪-Piece of shit.
‪-Raggedy-ass bitch.
‪[Joyce] Leave me alone.
‪[Joyce exhales sharply]
‪How do I start this?
‪Every successful marriage
‪has five pillars.
‪No. man. it doesn't sound right.
‪-I need to rephrase it. No.
‪-[car door closes]
‪Every successful marriage
‪-is held together by five pillars.
‪-[door opens. closes]
‪-That's better.
‪-[exhales sharply]
‪Hmm. Jo.
‪You're back. Mr. Gomora.
‪Listen. the people
‪at Ivory Oasis have said
‪-that they want to start some--
‪-Now. listen here. Joyce.
‪Your behavior as of late
‪is disgusting to me.
‪When did you start being a street girl?
‪You're beating innocent people now?
‪That poor girl is traumatized. you hear?
‪And what about me. Jonasi?
‪Am I happy about all of this?
‪Stop being selfish. man.
‪Joyce. what do you want?
‪[sighs] All right. Jo.
‪I'm going to tell you this just once.
‪You will break up
‪with that slut of a woman.
‪[scoffs]
‪If you don't want to do that.
‪get out of here.
‪[chuckles] Joyce.
‪Don't tell me what to do.
‪And you can't kick me out of my own home.
‪I built this house.
‪Mm-mmm. Mm-mmm.
‪We built this house together.
‪-No. no. I built this house. Understood?
‪-[chuckles] Oh. wow.
‪If I recall. this house was not built by
‪Facebook or anything or whatever you do.
‪[Joyce] Mmm. [chuckles]
‪I own everything in this home.
‪Yeah. you know what? Wow. today?
‪Today you're on fire. Mr. Gomora.
‪-Can you see that?
‪-Really?
‪So you want me to leave?
‪All right. No. that's fine. I'll leave.
‪So then stay here with your kids
‪and tell them where their mother is!
‪That's what you want?
‪-Okay. fine. Okay.
‪-You want to be the parent? Be the parent!
‪-Stay.
‪-[dramatic music playing]
‪Stay in your fucking house.
‪What? Excuse me?
‪[pants]
‪Jonasi.
‪Just wait.
‪-Joyce. stop. Hey. hey. hey!
‪-Please.
‪Stop! Just stop it. Jonasi!
‪-What are people gonna say? Stop it!
‪-Oh!
‪Now you care about what people say?
‪She was insulting me!
‪You know. you're lucky
‪that she didn't press charges.
‪Please.
‪[sighs] I'm begging you.
‪[exhales sharply]
‪Please. Gomora.
‪I'm begging you. please.
‪I don't know who you are anymore.
‪You aren't recognizable to me.
‪You're out of control. Joyce.
‪You're out of control.
‪[distorted] Jo. please. I'm begging you.
‪Please. I'm begging you.
‪Jonasi!
‪-[door slams]
‪-Oh. my… [gasps]
‪[breathing heavily]
‪[Nkazi crying]
‪[gasps]
‪-[car door opens. closes]
‪-[car beeps]
‪-[exhales sharply]
‪-[engine starts]
‪[tires squeal]
‪[sobbing]
‪[Nkazi crying]
‪[sobbing continues]
‪[Mpume]
‪Mom. are you seriously making us do this?
‪Mom!
‪-No. this is toxic.
‪-But. Ma. this is wrong. Mom.
‪-Uh-uh-uh. no! Hold it right there.
‪-So wrong.
‪There's nothing toxic
‪about what we're doing.
‪Your father is the toxic one.
‪Well. not from where I'm standing.
‪Mpume. I'm warning you.
‪Please say one more thing.
‪Say it again.
‪I will smack you with a hot one.
‪Just say one more thing. and I'll…
‪-Buzz off. man!
‪-[Nkazi coos]
‪[scoffs] Busy talking nonsense.
‪[liquid pouring]
‪[door opens]
‪What is this? No. What?
‪-Joyce.
‪-[door closes]
‪-[Jonasi] Joyce.
‪-[Matipa whispers] Oh. my goodness.
‪-Take him.
‪-Hold on. hold… [grunts]
‪[Matipa] What's going…
‪-The children miss their father.
‪-What is this? What are you doing?
‪The children miss their father.
‪So they want to spend
‪the whole weekend with you.
‪-[Nkazi babbling]
‪-Hmm?
‪Hey. hey. hey. Joyce. what are you doing?
‪You're being unreasonable now.
‪Didn't you leave home two months ago
‪to snuggle up here?
‪So you didn't think
‪your kids miss you. huh?
‪All right. listen.
‪Stay here. and I'll pick you up on Sunday.
‪-Sunday?
‪-You said you missed Daddy.
‪-Didn't you say you miss your father?
‪-[Jonasi] Oh. come on.
‪What?
‪[scoffs]
‪-What you are doing is madness.
‪-Oh.
‪Weren't you the one that said
‪you're in love with this man?
‪Unfortunately. my dear.
‪this man comes as a package.
‪Here's the package. Here.
‪Enjoy then. dear.
‪-Hmm?
‪-[Nkazi babbles]
‪Joyce.
‪[door closes]
‪[sighs]
‪Dad. I think it's better
‪if I hold him before he cries.
‪-It's been so long.
‪-[Nkazi coughing]
‪There we go. Hello. baby. [coos]
‪Hello.
‪[chattering]
‪I'm really sorry about this. love.
‪There's no need to apologize. my love.
‪Clearly it looks like we're going to need
‪a much bigger place
‪so that the kids can have their own space.
‪You know?
‪Mm-hmm.
‪Mm-hmm. Yeah.
‪Yeah.
‪[chattering]
‪[scoffs]
‪[Jonasi] ‪Welcome to your new home.
‪[gasps]
‪It's ours now?
‪A-And I love it. I love it!
‪-[Matipa chuckles]
‪-[Jonasi moans]
‪[gasps]
‪-Let's go inside. Hurry. let's go inside.
‪-[squeals]
‪Careful. I'm wearing heels.
‪[Jonasi] Okay. okay.
‪Watch your step. Watch your step.
‪[cassette rewinding]
‪[glass shatters]
‪Especially my brand deal with Ivory Oasis.
‪-So you will show up…
‪-[Jonasi groans]
‪-…to the celebration…
‪-Oh. my goodness.
‪-…whether you like it or not. All right?
‪-[Jonasi huffs]
‪[scoffing]
‪Hey. Joyce.
‪[car door opens. closes]
‪-[scoffs]
‪-[engine revs]
‪This is quite the pickle.
‪I don't know what to do anymore.
‪Tell me.
‪This back and forth between you and Joyce.
‪when do you plan for it to end?
‪Matipa. this is not as easy as you think.
‪My love.
‪Don't be handcuffed
‪into a decision you made 20 years ago.
‪A lot has changed since then.
‪And if I'm being honest.
‪I'm getting tired.
‪I'm tired of being
‪your dirty little secret.
‪It's time to make a choice and decide what
‪you want to do with your life. my love.
‪Hang on. a-are you…
‪Is that an ultimatum?
‪Hmm?
‪-My love.
‪-Yeah?
‪I just want you all to myself.
‪Mmm. I want to love you
‪the way you should be loved.
‪That's all I want.
‪All right.
‪I'll speak to the lawyer.
‪-Mm-hmm?
‪-Mm-hmm.
‪[Joyce] ‪Jonasi filed for divorce.
‪[Matipa] Mm-hmm.
‪[car beeps]
‪[sniffs] Hold on.
‪[sniffing] That's smoke.
‪My goodness.
‪[coughs] Wait here.
‪My goodness!
‪[coughs] It's burning!
‪The house is on fire!
‪-[coughing]
‪-Matipa. come! The house is on fire!
‪-Its all burning!
‪-[alarm beeping]
‪-[glass shatters]
‪-[Jonasi] Come. come. come.
‪[Matipa coughing]
‪[Jonasi] Don't breathe. Hold your breath.
‪-[Matipa] I can't see.
‪-[Jonasi] Come this way. Follow me.
‪[Matipa screaming]
‪[busy signal beeping]
‪[operator] ‪The telephone number you called
‪-is not available at the moment.
‪-Shit!
‪Please try again later.
‪[phone beeps]
‪[whispers] Oh. God.
‪Oh. God.
‪Oh. God. Oh. God.
‪Oh. God. Oh. God. [inhales]
‪Oh… [breathes shakily] Oh. God.
‪-God.
‪-[sirens wailing]
‪Shit!
‪Shit! [breathes shakily]
‪-[sirens wailing]
‪-[handcuffs clicking]
‪[Menzi. echoing] Ma. What's going on?
‪-[Mpume] Ma.
‪-[wailing continues]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm